# EdCarp Organising Committee Meeting 18/10/2019

## Attendees

* Jen Daub
* Giacomo Peru
* David McKain
* Edward Wallace

## Agenda/ UPDATES/ recommendations/ issues raised


- David: try to be more regular, more holistic (about the lesson scheduling).

Core curriculum to deliver per year:
* Problem, length of the lessons
* Possibility: run full days (one day (two halves) for shell, one day (two halves) for git, etc.

## Actions ongoing

Tentative plan for second semester (Jan - June 2020)

* SWC standalone standard, 2 days, Shell, Git, Python (SoPA)
  * David to start looking at rooms
* SWC split into 4 half days (SOPA/Geosciences: ask Maggy. David will take this if Magi isnâ€™t interested!)  
  * Jen to ask Maggy
* SBS - DC R for Transcriptomics (4 half-days, ?Apr 2020?)
* SBS - DC Genomics (4 half-days, Summer 2020?)
  * Edward to start talking with Julie about rooms and dates 
  * Edward to email Vasilis
* Data Carpentry Geospatial
  * Jen to ask Maggy
* Data Carpentry for Social Sciences
* Data Carpentry for Humanities
  * Giacomo to meet Lisa


## Actions completed

## Summary update on development progress and pull requests

## Towards next meeting/ Action plan

People to get involved:

- Matthew Hamilton (ECA)
- Claire Hobday (new in Chemistry)
ACTION Jen to identify someone from the EVents Admin Team and ask them how the system can be adapted.

For Member Organisations and Instructors:

* Decide about how to approach the lessons, what pace, what to cut etc.


## AOBs

## DoNM

12/12/2019
