# Agenda Items
A proposal to develop a Roles/Responsibilities document

## Attendees

Magnus Hagdorn, Steve Ford, David McKain, Lucia Michielin, Graeme Grimes, Tahira Akbar, Toby Samuels, Evgenji Belikov, Juan Herrera

## Declined, Apologies and Tentative 

Antonia Mey, Sara Tilly, Robert Nagy, Giacomo Peru

## Agenda items

Minutes - circulated via Zoom chat (no comments)
Document defining roles and responsibilities within the committee (see below)

## Notes from 06OCT2021

There is no exsting document defining the roles and responsibilitis for the committee or members of the committee.
There did not appear to be a need for formal roles within the committee, beyond someone to organise the meetings (currently Steve Ford)
There are 'activities' that the committee should be doing: Update the website/organising the community events/link role with departments.
In the past these have been done 'naturally' or 'informally', by people who position allowed them to do so.

However, there was a desire to:
1. draft a document outlining the roles of the steering and organising committees.
2. draft a statement (or perhaps a mission statement) outlining what the organising committee does and what its responsible for.
3. survey the committee to collect ideas (see 'Committee member survey' section below) with a view the drawing up a statement

Committee meeting frequency - 6-8 weeks or 1-2 months was the frequency expressed by the committee members

## Plans for workshops:
Magnus is trying to organise a geoscience workshop for Dec/Jan
Juan is trying to organise a DC workshop for Dec/Jan
Tahira reported a ed-DASH workshop for 27th October

It was felt that if the following link could be used/updated with a list of planned workshops. 
This would allow committee members to see what workshops are planned.

https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oXd6Zc5cZhy9B4v60QiKXeU3ayn4z96h2abNxSdogMo/edit

At some point the list will be transfered to github.

## AOB
Steve to organise the next meeting for early December. 

# Committee member survey

Can each committee member add to the list below answers to the following questions:
1. what does the committee do?
2. what can you do? 
3. what the committee can do for you? 
4. your work/location role?

### Steve Ford: 
The committee plans SWC/DC/LC workshops and meets to exchange ideas and seek helpers and instructors
I can help with the meeting planning and workshops
The committee can act as a connection to others involved in HE/science research education
I live in Glasgow and work at the Uni of Strathclyde.

### Evgenij Belikov:
1. The focus of the organising committee is on building local and Scotland-wide Carpentries communities through the following: organising Carpentries workshops, organising Instructor Trainings, Community events (recruiting new helpers and instructors), liaising with relevant university bodies to join Carpentries as a Member institution, connecting with different Programming/Data Science initiatives across schools/departments. Another goal, which is now perhaps better covered by the steering committee, is to connect with decision makers at the universities to increase recognition and ask for further support of our efforts.
2. I can primarily help with running Carpentries and Instructor Training workshops.
3. Committee has always been a source of ideas, knowledge and motivation. 
4. I live in Edinburgh and work at the Uni of Edinburgh.


### Graeme Grimes
1. The committee plans SWC/DC/LC workshops and meets to exchange ideas and seek helpers and instructors.
1. I can help with the meeting planning and workshops at the IGC.
1. Helps me keep up to-date with Ed-Carp activities and get helpers for Carpentries courses.
1. I live in Edinburgh and work at the Institute of Genetics and Cancer, College of Medicine,  Uni of Edinburgh.


## Meeting zoom chat:
```
15:32:11 From  Graeme Grimes  to  Everyone:
	Hi all, sorry no video or mic today
15:33:35 From  Graeme Grimes  to  Everyone:
	Where are the minutes
15:34:08 From  Steven Ford  to  Everyone:
	https://github.com/edcarp/organising-committee/blob/main/minutes/2021-08-26-EdCarp_Organising_Committee.md
15:36:55 From  Graeme Grimes  to  Everyone:
	I canâ€™t remember a document either
15:37:33 From  Graeme Grimes  to  Everyone:
	I think that Giacomo is the best person to ask
15:40:45 From  Graeme Grimes  to  Everyone:
	Depends on the roles
15:47:34 From  Graeme Grimes  to  Everyone:
	6-8 weeks seems fine
15:47:49 From  Toby Samuels   to  Everyone:
	I agree 6-8 works well
15:53:03 From  Tahira Akbar  to  Everyone:
	https://carpentries-incubator.github.io/good-enough-practices/ (link shared by Edward Wallace)
15:53:44 From  Lucia Michielin  to  Everyone:
	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oXd6Zc5cZhy9B4v60QiKXeU3ayn4z96h2abNxSdogMo/edit
15:59:24 From  Toby Samuels   to  Everyone:
	t.samuels@hw.ac.uk
15:59:26 From  Juan Herrera  to  Everyone:
	j.herrera@epcc.ed.ac.uk
16:04:18 From  Toby Samuels   to  Everyone:
	As a new member to this committee, I would really appreciate an overview of what the committee does and is responsible for. 
16:04:29 From  Tahira Akbar  to  Everyone:
	Agree with Toby
16:10:06 From  Tahira Akbar  to  Everyone:
	a small bullet point of things the committee does would be helpful to me - I can add this to my presentations - then better inform others on how they can get involved.
16:12:37 From  Graeme Grimes  to  Everyone:
	Thanks
16:12:57 From  Lucia Michielin  to  Everyone:
	thanks see you all soon!
```

